background in settings page, in settings page where you up[load the template remove the id], fix the price per unit missing shit because i cant generate an invoice, test google calendar twilio call
history_block that gets inserted into context
write and store a plan for future self on how to update a collection if it gets outdated
how does the chat storing with zustand work?

understand supabase-client.ts
check with claude why is the index not used, try to switch to macedonian testing, in elevenlabs, convert the voice to female
ask claude how would the latency be if we executed the plan fully
order number isnt interpreted correctly
latency needs major improvements!
make the secreatry calls bitolski
GLM
get codex to try and hack teh app
test the new stt model
 ● The auth-token-in-localStorage finding is the tradeoff we chose earlier to fix your re-login issue. What do you want to do? consider thia
AGENT
Offers, transportni...
STT - when performing it, the time format should be always converted to 12:30, 12:45...
RAG
what happens witht the vectors stored from the chat into qdrant? Should we make them as a context

make the app production ready
delete all the debuging scripts and files



ensure RLS security is set up properly
add indexes for performance when querying
time zone stays fixed
ollama removed — extraction, RAG synthesis and invoice text all run on the RAG_LLM_PROVIDER stack (openai/gpt-4o-mini today). re-check macedonian extraction quality if the model changes.

*Add system prompts in the routers (or a dedicated services/prompts.py file) where you know the context.
For example, when you implement routers/rag.py, the RAG-specific system prompt lives there. A document generation prompt lives in routers/documents.py. That way each feature owns its own instructions and langchain.py stays reusable.
If several routers end up sharing similar prompts, you can consolidate them into a services/prompts.py file. But start in the routers — no need to abstract early.




Implement memory to the agent, Regarding the memory, should the agent perform based on memory or just return information.
"Write a follow-up email to Tom"
With memory: agent knows the last email was formal, 
             the invoice is 14 days overdue, 
             Tom usually replies within 2 days


ngrok http 3000




/code-review low

fix the readme inside github to match athlys readme

.venv/Scripts/uvicorn main:app --reload --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8000


In a second terminal, open the FastAPI interactive test client (Swagger UI)
cmd.exe /c start http://127.0.0.1:8000/docs

Optional: open ReDoc
cmd.exe /c start http://127.0.0.1:8000/redoc

cd ~/Desktop/Retrieval-based-Voice-Conversion-WebUI
source venv/Scripts/activate
python infer-web.py




How the "Big Players" Do ItEnterprise apps (like Slack, Microsoft Teams, or custom AI agents) use a hybrid approach:The Source of Truth (Server): All chats are stored in a secure, relational or NoSQL database. This ensures data is backed up, encrypted, and available everywhere.The Cache (Client/Redis): They use "hot" caches (like Redis on the server or IndexedDB in the browser) to make the chat feel instant.IndexedDB is the professional version of localStorage. It is asynchronous, supports large amounts of data, and handles structured queries. If you must store data on the client side, use IndexedDB, not localStorage.Synchronization: The frontend requests the latest messages from the API, and the server validates the user's session before sending the data.My Recommendation for Your "AI-Secretary"  Since you are currently in the "building/MVP" phase, using localStorage with your Zustand store is perfectly acceptable for local testing and rapid iteration. It gets your UI working today without needing to write complex database migrations.However, add a "Migration Path" to your plan:Don't build your entire product architecture around localStorage. Treat the localStorage implementation as a temporary UI cache. Eventually, when you decide to take the app to production, you can simply swap out your store/chat.ts persistence layer to fetch from an API endpoint instead of the browser's storage, and your UI components won't even know the difference!
set up railway when developing 

or each proposed change you get:

y — yes, apply it
n — no, skip it
d — show a more detailed diff before deciding
a — accept all remaining changes in this batch
e — open the file in your editor to review before decidingd


9PXAHY82ZS6PPHUG3MPYRGU9